[docs] remove all mentions of generic worfklow (#13565)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build/internal-distribution.md

If you distribute your app both through enterprise provisioning and the App Store, you will need to have a distinct bundle identifier for each context. We recommend either:

> - In managed projects use `app.config.js` to dynamically switch identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In managed projects, use `app.config.js` to dynamically switch identifiers.
```

> - In bare projects create separate `scheme` for each bunlde identifier and specify scheme name in separate build profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In bare projects, create a separate `scheme` for each bundle identifier and specify the scheme name in separate build profiles.
```
